# Abstract #

A windscreen wiper is a device that cleans the front window of a car of rain, snow, ice, washer fluid, water or debris. Almost all motor vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, buses, train locomotives, and cabin watercraft as well as some aircraft have one or more wipers.The major function of the wiper is to remove different fluid particles off the screen by wiping them out by moving in back and forth across the glass. The basic traditional windshield wiper speed constantly varies according to time and vehicle’s speed which not only require driver’s attention but also causes a certain level of discomfort to the driver and serves as a source of distraction and problem which increases the risk of accidents.So,we here are using a STM32F4 discovery borad,a ARM microcontroller to display the vehicle filtered control system.Also an automatic rain sensors are now a must to make drivers comfortable and reduce the risk of accidents. Although such devices are on the market, they are relatively popular in the automotive industry due to their high cost and other similar limitations. The purpose of this project was to promote another low cost model in the market while maintaining efficiency.Most of the car cables are driven by a DC motor but the STM32 discovery doesn't have a motor so here we are testing the use of LEDs in this application as a wiper control.The STM32 discovery board has 4 LEDs,a push button and a reset button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. The current limiting resistor connects the four user LEDs to the PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15 PORTD pins on the recovery board. GPIO pins are configured as digital input pins to enable the button on the STM32 controller. Press and hold the user button for 2 seconds and the LED will turn red. If the ignition key is in ACC.Rain sensors, microcontrollers, and driver integrated circuits(ICs) are key components used in the construction and operation of the proposed devices.The LED will also flash to indicate that the wiper is on.This device transforms hard manual labor into a smooth automation.
## components
## Wiper Motor
The wiper motor is one part of the wiper system that is useful for moving the wiper automatically. The commonly used wiper motor utilizes a magnet with a reduction gear. There are at least 2 types of wiper motors that can cause magnetic fields, namely the ferrite magnet type which uses permanent magnet ferrite, and the wound rotor type which uses a coil to produce an electromagnet.The wiper motor that is often used recently is the ferrite magnet type because this type of wiper has a relatively small size and has lightweight, so it is very suitable to be attached to any type of car.
## Wiper Arm
The wiper arm usually consists of a head that is used to tie the wiper arm to the wiper shaft. The springs will be useful for holding the blade. While the arm piece will be useful for the process of installing the blade and retainer to hold it completely. The wiper blade usually consists of a rubber which is useful for cleaning the surface of the car glass. There is a combination of leaf spring packing with levers and clips to attach the blade to the wiper arm.
## Wiper Blade
he wiper blade usually consists of a rubber which is useful for cleaning the surface of the car glass. There is a combination of leaf spring packing with levers and clips to attach the blade to the wiper arm.
